[Do not merge!] Pseudo PR for first release (#28)
nf-core/scnanoseq: docs/usage.md

### Multiple runs of the same sample

The `sample` identifiers have to be the same when you have re-sequenced the same sample more than once e.g. to increase sequencing depth. The pipeline will concatenate the raw reads before performing any downstream analysis. Below is an example for the same sample sequenced across replicates 1 and 4 (`REP1` and `REP4` respectively):

> ```console

Reviewer: Resolved with commit 4b392a4

sample,fastq,cell_count
CONTROL_REP1,AEG588A1_S1.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP1,AEG588A1_S2.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP2,AEG588A2_S1.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP3,AEG588A3_S1.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP4,AEG588A4_S1.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP4,AEG588A4_S2.fastq.gz,5000
CONTROL_REP4,AEG588A4_S3.fastq.gz,5000
```

> `cell_count` refers to the expected number of cells for each sample, which can vary from sample to sample.

Author: is that value relevant for a specific processing step?

Reviewer: It is -- cell count is utilized by the BLAZE barcode caller as a guide to determine the 'correct' number of barcodes that need to be called

Author: i would clarify that here (or point to the relevant section in the docs)

Reviewer: Cool, I combined this fix with the point below. We have a table describing the columns so I added the expanded description in there (commit 891b67d)

> ### Full samplesheet

Author: I would flip the order of the "Full samplesheet" section and the "multiple runs" section

Reviewer: Good idea! Done with commit 891b67d

The example `samplesheet.csv` below contains a single FASTQ file per biological replicate with sample specific cell counts.

> ```console

Reviewer: Resolved with commit 4b392a4

The above pipeline run specified with a params file in yaml format:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/scnanoseq -profile <docker/singularity/institute> -params-file params.yaml
```

> with `params.yaml` containing:
> 
> ```yaml

Author: ```suggestion
with 

```yaml title="params.yaml"
```

Reviewer: Resolved with commit 4b392a4

### Resource requests

Whilst the default requirements set within the pipeline will hopefully work for most people with GridION and average size PromethION data, you may find that you want to customise the compute resources that the pipeline requests. Each step in the pipeline has a default set of requirements for number of CPUs, memory and time. For most of the steps in the pipeline, if the job exits with any of the error codes specified [here](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/blob/4c27ef5610c87db00c3c5a3eed10b1d161abf575/conf/base.config#L18) it will automatically be resubmitted with higher requests (2 x original, then 3 x original). If it still fails after the third attempt then the pipeline execution is stopped.

> To change the resource requests, please see the [max resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#max-resources) and [tuning workflow resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#tuning-workflow-resources) section of the nf-core website. We have also provided a pipeline specific example of a custom configuration file in the Introduction page or the pipeline's GitHub `README` page.

Author: ```suggestion
To change the resource requests, please see the [max resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#max-resources) and [tuning workflow resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#tuning-workflow-resources) section of the nf-core website. We have also provided a pipeline specific example of a custom configuration file in the [Introduction page](/scnanoseq/latest/#troubleshooting)
```

Reviewer: Resolved with commit 4b392a4
